update PWFA example (#4535)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Examples/Physics_applications/plasma_acceleration/README.rst

Alternatively, an other common approximation for PWFAs is quasi-static modeling, e.g., if effects such as self-injection can be ignored.
In the Beam, Plasma & Accelerator Simulation Toolkit (BLAST), `HiPACE++ <https://hipace.readthedocs.io>`__ provides such methods.

.. note::

    There are two FDTD Maxwell field solvers that compute the field push implemented in WarpX: the Yee and Cole-Karkkainen solver with Cowan coefficients (CKC) solvers.
    The later includes a modification that allows the numerical dispersion of light in vacuum to be exact, and that is why we choose CKC for the example.

Lorentz boosted frame
---------------------

>     WarpX simulations can be done in the laboratory or `Lorentz-boosted <https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/theory/boosted_frame.html>`_ frames.

Reviewer: We can use a more robust, internal anchor here:
```suggestion
    WarpX simulations can be done in the laboratory or a :ref:`Lorentz-boosted <theory-boostedframe>` frame.
```

    In the laboratory frame, there is typically no need to model the plasma ions species, since they are mainly stationary during the short time scales associated with the motion of plasma electrons.
    In the boosted frame, that argument is no longer valid, as ions have relativistic velocities.

    To avoid spurious effects in the boosted frame, we want the longitudinal cell size to be larger than the transverse one.
    Translating this condition to the cell transverse (:math:`d_{x}`) and longitudinal dimensions (:math:`d_{z}`) in the laboratory frame leads to: :math:`d_{x} > (d_{z} (1+\beta_{b}) \gamma_{b})`,
    where :math:`\beta_{b}` is the boosted frame velocity in units of :math:`c`.

>     To determine the total number of time steps of the simulation, we could either set the `<zmax_plasma_to_compute_max_step>` parameter to the end of the plasma (:math:`z_{\textrm{end}}`), or compute it using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To determine the total number of time steps of the simulation, we could either set the ``<zmax_plasma_to_compute_max_step>`` parameter to the end of the plasma (:math:`z_{\textrm{end}}`), or compute it using:
```

         :language: ini
         :caption: You can copy this file from ``Examples/Physics_applications/plasma_acceleration/inputs_3d_boost``.

Visualize
---------

The plasma has a density profile that consists of a long up-ramp followed by a uniform plateau.

> With this configuration the driver excites a nonlinear plasma wake and drives the bubble depleted of plasma electrons where the beam accelerates, as can be seen in Fig

Reviewer 2: as can be seen in \:numref\:\`fig_plasma_acceleration_electron_beam_wakefield_acceleration\`.

.. _fig_plasma_acceleration_electron_beam_wakefield_acceleration\:

(Change "fig_plasma_acceleration_electron_beam_wakefield_acceleration" to something else if preferred.)

Author: done, thanks!  it looks better

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10621396/290962794-7bdbbff7-39fa-4d2e-8b5f-2030f811d257.png

> 

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure, but I think the empty line between `.. figure::` and `:alt:` will cause some issues.

Unrelated, you could add `:width: 95%` to control how big the figure appears on the page.

Author: fixed and done, the energy plot takes a more reasonable amount of page real estate now

>    :alt: Electron beam, in black, accelerated by wakefield, in red-blue colormap, driven by drive electron beam, in purple.  Set max_steps to 800 in WarpX simulation to generate data for this figure.

Reviewer 2: Repeat this without the \:alt\: so that it appears as the caption regardless of whether the image loads. Should look like:

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10621396/290962794-7bdbbff7-39fa-4d2e-8b5f-2030f811d257.png
\:width\: 95%
\:alt\: Electron beam, in black, accelerated by wakefield, in red-blue colormap, driven by drive electron beam, in purple.  Set max_steps to 800 in WarpX simulation to generate data for this figure.

:Electron beam, in black, accelerated by wakefield, in red-blue colormap, driven by drive electron beam, in purple.  Set max_steps to 800 in WarpX simulation to generate data for this figure

   Electron beam, in black, accelerated by wakefield, in red-blue colormap, driven by drive electron beam, in purple.  Set ``max_steps`` to 800 in a WarpX simulation to generate data for this figure.

> The beam increases in energy as it propagates in the wake, as shown in Fig.

Reviewer 2: as shown in \:numref\:\`fig_electron_beam_mean_energy_boosted_frame\`.

Author: done, thanks!

> 

Reviewer 2: Add something like this here to reference this figure:

.. _fig_electron_beam_mean_energy_boosted_frame\:

Author: done, thanks!

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10621396/290962801-97d994f9-d48d-4f76-a37e-d14f6781d680.png

>    :alt: Energy gain of electron beam in wake through this simulation (this is the mean beam energy in the boosted frame, NOT the lab frame). Set ``max_steps`` to 800 in a WarpX simulation to generate data for this figure.

Reviewer 2: I think this would also work well as the regular caption.
